# No Code and Low Code AI 
10 to watch
* Amazon SageMaker
* Akkio
* Apple CreateML
* DataRobot
* Google AutoML
* Google Teachable Machine
* Microsoft Lobe
* Nanonets
* ObviouslyAI
* PyCaret

### Salesforce AI
* Einstein GPT
  * deliver AI-created content across every sales, service, marketing, commerce, and IT interaction. 
  * partner with Data Cloud, ingests, harmonizes, and unifies all of companies data. 
  * connect data to OpeAI advanced model
    * Sales: auto-generate sales tasks like composing emails, schedule meetings, preparing next interactions
    * Service: generate knowledge articles from past case study. generate service recommendations
    * Marketing: generate personalized content to engage customer and prospects across email, mobile, web and ads.
    * Slack: deliver content and interact with users via slack 
    * Slack with OpenAI: ChatGPT for Salck, provides conversation summary, research to learn about the topic, write draft message.
    * Code generation: AI chat assistant to generate code and ask questions for No-Code and Low-code
* Generative AI with LLMs, including CodeGen
* CodeGen:
  * Conversational AI programming = conversational AI (NLP) + Programming (Code generation) 
  * CodeGen is a family of auto-regressive language models. 
    * uses past words from previous time steps
    * to predict the word at the next time step
    * then adds the new prediction to the previous words
    * repeat the above process.
  * Accomplishment of CodeGen AI   
    * Generate working code to solve problems, given simple requests in plain english
    * Understand ineractive dialogue, inc. backreferences
* [BotSIM](https://blog.salesforceairesearch.com/botsim/): Evaluation framework for Task-Oriented Dialog systems. 
  * Large-scale bot testing 
  * Multi-stage bot evalution
  * Data-efficient dialogue generation
  * End-to-end bot evaluation via dialogue simulation
  * Bot health report dashboard
  * East extension to new bot platform
