# Meta AI Ecosystem Management Metrics

Meta Blog: [AI EcoSystem Management Metrics](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/meta-ai-ecosystem-management-metrics/)

keywords: MLOps, Model, Artifact labeling, metadata architecture, 

4 types of metrics 
* model metrics - the performance and accuracy of AI models
* ecosystem metrics - impact on the wider ecosystem, e.g. energy consumption and compatibility with other systems
* safety metrics - risks associated with AI systems, e.g. vulnerability to attacks and potential impact on human safety
* fairness metrics - impact on different groups of people, such as potential for bias or discrimination

Things to consider

* Data governance
* Security
* Ownership accountability
* Fairness
* Robustness
* Efficiency
##Decentralized AI ecosystem


Are all my models are retrained regularly?
1. model source code is writtern by engineers to solve a given purpose.
2. one or more model binaries are trained from this source
3. often being created periodically for either iterative model impovements or retraining
4. some of these versions are published to inference systems as deployments to serve traffic

2 key elements of consolidation 
* metadata graph
* data interoperability standards

AI metadata graph,
* a database  stores asset metadata and connections. Markers on connections to denote as 1 or 1-to-n
* graph is implemented via [Ent - schema as Code in Go](https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2021/04/26/eli5-ent-schema-as-code-go/)


# Casual conversations v2 
[Casual conversations v2 dataset](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/casual-conversations-v2-dataset-measure-fairness/) offers a granular list of 11 self-provided and annotated categories to further measure algorithmic fairness and robustness in these AI systems.

The dataset features 
* total number of videos : 26,467
* total number of participants: 5,567
* with self-identified attributes such as age and gender. 


This is improvement over [casual conversation v1 dataset](https://ai.facebook.com/datasets/casual-conversations-dataset/) released in 2021. 

Casual Conversations dataset is designed to help researchers evaluate their computer vision and audio models for accuracy across a diverse set of age, genders, apparent skin tones and ambient lighting conditions.

Dataset Characteristics
* Total number of subjects/actors: 3,011
* Total number of video recordings: 45,186

# Scale of your skin tone 
Measured by [Fitzpatrick scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fitzpatrick_scale)

# ELI5: Ent - schema as code in Go
* ELI5: Explain like I'm 5
* ORM Object-relational mapping 

Ent is 
* entity framework built for Golang
* graph-based ORM
* data schemas - incl. types, relationships, contraints - are code
* static types
* explicit API
* very much declarative - operations like queries, aggregations, and graph traversals are simple
* storage agnostic

